add map editor page (#45)
duckietown/docs-opmanual_autolab: book/opmanual_autolab/15_autolab_minimal_requirements/40_autolab_map_editor.md

# Autolab map {#autolab-map-editor status=draft}

<div class='requirements' markdown="1">

Requires: Knowledge about what a Autolab is [](#part:autolab-definition)

Results: generated map for duckietown
</div>

## Map editor

> You can launch map editor, using command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch the map editor, using command:
```

    laptop $ dts map editor

You will see:

<div figure-id="fig:editor1" figure-caption="Map editor">
  <img src="images/simple_editor.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

> ## How to create new map?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to create a new map?
```

> You should specify size(width, height) of map and size of tile. Default tile size: **0.585**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should specify sizes(width, height) of the map and the size of tiles. Default tile size: **0.585**
```

<div figure-id="fig:editor2" figure-caption="How to create new map">
  <img src="images/create_map.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

> Result of generation map

Reviewer 2: `map generation` or `generation of the map`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the map generation process should be initialized. Sample editor window:
```

<div figure-id="fig:editor3" figure-caption="new map">
  <img src="images/result_of_creation_map.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

## How to add an object to the map
 

> You can add any object from left menu. Except first two block, which describe type of tile.

Reviewer 2: `two blocks`, plural `s` is missing?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add any object(s) from left menu except the first two blocks, "Road tiles" and "Fill tiles", which describe the types of tiles.
```

> For adding object you should do double click object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adding an object, you should double click the object in the left menu.
```

<div figure-id="fig:editor3" figure-caption="add object to map">
  <img src="images/add_stop.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

> For editing attributes of object you should do right click of object and change attributes in opened window. Window for editing object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For editing attributes of an object you should do right click of the object and edit its attributes in the opened window. The window should look like:
```

<div figure-id="fig:editor4" figure-caption="change attribute of obj">
  <img src="images/edit_attr.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

> For editing tiles, you should activate brush mode(see Fig.5). After that, you can choose type of tile in left menu.  After that, a should select tiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For editing tiles, you should activate the brush mode (see Fig.5). After that, you should choose the type of tiles in left menu. Then, one could select/brush the grids to apply the selected tile type.
```

<div figure-id="fig:editor5" figure-caption="change tile">
  <img src="images/change_tile.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

<div figure-id="fig:editor6" figure-caption="example of map">
  <img src="images/tile_road_ex.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

<div figure-id="fig:editor7" figure-caption="choose tiles">
  <img src="images/selection_tiles.png" style='width: 25em; height:auto'/>
</div>

## Rotate tiles

> For rotation you should select required tiles and click button of rotation(see fig. 9)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For rotation you should select required tiles and click the rotation button in the tool bar (Fig. 8). See Fig. 9 for the illustrated outcome.
```
